Add support for cloud-nuke to delete IAM Roles (#163)
gruntwork-io/cloud-nuke: README.md

      - prod
```

The intention is to delete all the s3 buckets that match the include rules but not the exclude rules. 
The result of these filters applied in either order will be a set of s3 buckets that match `^alb-.*-access-logs$` as long as they do not also contain `public` or `prod`. The rule to include s3 buckets matching `.*-prod-alb-.*` is negated by the rule to exclude those matching `prod`.

```yaml

> iam-role:

Reviewer: NIT: we typically use `_` instead of `-`.

  include:
    names_regex:
      - .*-task-role$
      - .*-exec-role$
  exclude:
    names_regex:
      - .*-cloudwatch-.*
```

> Like in previous example, using this config will lead to cloud-nuke to delete all IAM Roles that end in `-task-role` and `exec-role` but not those that contain `-cloudwatch-`. This means that a role called `ec2-task-role` wille be deleted, while a role called `ecs-cloudwatch-exec-role` will be excluded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Like in previous example, using this config will lead to cloud-nuke to delete all IAM Roles that end in `-task-role` and `exec-role` but not those that contain `-cloudwatch-`. This means that a role called `ec2-task-role` will be deleted, while a role called `ecs-cloudwatch-exec-role` will be excluded.
```

#### CLI options override config file options

The options provided in the command line take precedence over those provided in any config file that gets passed in. With config file now supporting both S3 and IAM Role include/exclude filters, it is important to bear in mind the following scenarios to avoid confusion or unexpectedly delete resources.

```shell
cloud-nuke aws --config path/to/config.yaml
```

Running this command will result in the nuking of _ALL_ resources, using config file for filtering only S3 and/or IAM Role resources specified. Any unsupported resources in the config file, such as `ec2` will be ignored, and if filters for IAM role and/or S3 are not present, cloud-nuke will delete all S3 and IAM role resources.

```shell
cloud-nuke aws --resource-type s3 --config path/to/config.yaml
```

> Here `cloud-nuke` used along with `--resource-type s3` option will result in nuking S3 buckets. Given a `--config` option, any include/exclude filters for S3 will be used to perform the deletion. Filters for IAM Role will be ignored(?). Any unsupported resources will be ignored, and if S3 resource filters are not present in config file, cloud-nuke will delete all S3 buckets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `cloud-nuke` used along with `--resource-type s3` option will result in nuking S3 buckets. Given a `--config` option, any include/exclude filters for S3 will be used to perform the deletion. Filters for IAM Role will be ignored and any unsupported resources will also be ignored.

Note that if S3 resource filters are not present in config file, cloud-nuke will delete all S3 buckets. 
```

```shell
cloud-nuke aws --resource-type iam-role --config path/to/config.yaml
```

> Similar to previous example, `cloud-nuke` used along with `--resource-type iam-role` option will result in nuking IAM roles. Given a `--config` option, any include/exclude filters for IAM roles will be used to perform the deletion. Filters for S3 will be ignored(?). Any unsupported resources will be ignored, and if IAM role resource filters are not present in config file, cloud-nuke will delete all IAM roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the previous example, `cloud-nuke` used along with `--resource-type iam-role` option will result in nuking IAM roles. Given a `--config` option, any include/exclude filters for IAM roles will be used to perform the deletion. Just like with the S3 example, filters for the unselected resource type (S3) will be ignored, and any unsupported resources will be ignored, and if there are no filters, all IAM roles will be deleted.
```

```shell
cloud-nuke aws --resource-type s3 --resource-type iam-role --config path/to/config.yaml
```

> In this case, `cloud-nuke` used along with `--resource-type s3` and `--resource-type iam-role` options will result in nuking S3 buckets _PLUS_ IAM roles. Given a `--config` option, any include/exclude filters for S3 and/or IAM roles will be used to perform the deletion. Any unsupported resources will be ignored, and if IAM role and/or S3 resource filters are not present in config file, cloud-nuke will delete all IAM roles and S3 buckets.

Reviewer: I think at this point it is clear what happens with the `--resource-type` filter, so I think you can simplify this section to:

```
You can also combine `--resource-type` filters to apply to multiple resources. For example, if you wish to delete both S3 buckets and IAM roles based on the config file:

\`\`\`shell
 cloud-nuke aws --resource-type s3 --resource-type iam-role --config path/to/config.yaml 
\`\`\`

```

Author: Agree with this suggestion

Author: Updated with suggested changes.

#### CLI options override config file options

> The options provided in the command line take precedence over those provided in any config file that gets passed in. With config file now supporting both S3 and IAM Role include/exclude filters, it is important to bear in mind the following scenarios to avoid confusion or unexpectedly delete resources.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for clarifying these behaviors!
